This course includes installation instructions for the two main operating systems
widely used today: Windows and the Mac operating system.
This section covers how to install Git and related tools on Mac OS X.
If you are using Windows, you can skip this section, and instead see the previous section;
you only need to watch the installation section that applies to your operating system.
In all my courses, I have standardized on using Chrome; however, most modern versions
of the Mac can use the default browser, Safari, without a problem.
If you prefer to follow along exactly, download Chrome
and install it by accepting all the defaults along the way.
We start off by installing the Apple provided version of Git,
which is included with the developer command line tools and Xcode.
If you have Xcode already, then you should already have Git installed.
Either way, after the installation, we will cover some
configuration settings and a few starting commands.
After Git is installed, I cover how to install and configure TextMate 2,
which is a very popular text editor, that is a lot more functional
than the standard TextEdit provided by Apple.
You can use your favorite text editor of choice, like Sublime or Nano.
Finally, we will install a visual comparison tool called P4Merge by Perforce.
Oddly enough, Perforce, which also has a competing source control tool,
provides an excellent, freely available tool, that works well with Git.
I will cover how to install P4Merge, and how to configure it to work seamlessly with Git.
At the very end of this section, I provide a special installation notes lecture
that has all the instructions for installing Git and all the related tools used in this course.
This is provided to help those that prefer a written guide for doing installs and setup.